# Project Reflection

When the project idea was first discussed, I thought it wouldn't take particularly long to complete. However, throughout this project, I learned that development can take significantly longer than expected. 

First, the prototype took slightly longer than expected to complete. I thought it would be completed by the end of the first week, instead, prototype development bled into the second week. This is because I wanted to complete a feature of the prototype that I didn't fully finish in the first week. Whilst it only took one day longer to complete, I think this was the first case of a problem that I encountered fairly frequently throughout the project. I often focused on fully developing a feature over trying to deliver a complete application. 

I discussed this problem with David Harris and he disagreed that this was an issue. He argued that switching to another task to give yourself a break will leave you feeling that you need to complete the original task. In the future, I will need to try out switching between tasks to see which method is more time-efficient.

Second, the full project took significantly longer than expected. The aim was to develop an MVP and use it to decide what additional features should be added. However, this didn't happen due to many unforeseen road-bumps during the second and third weeks. The second week was plagued by decision fatigue and struggling to set up ESLint. In the third week, I struggled with HTML and fighting with Vuetify's layout engine. However, by the fourth week, I had become more productive since I was more familiar with Vue's and HTML's quirks. By the end of the fourth week, the project was at the point of being an MVP. This meant that the fifth week was primarily focused on bug fixing and polishing rather than adding more features.

In conclusion, the duration of a project is largely influenced by your proficiency with the required tools. My personal experience with Vue 3 and Vuetify demonstrates this. Once I gained familiarity with these tools, I became significantly more efficient in resolving issues and developing features. It’s worth noting that even with a solid understanding of the tools, projects may still require more time than initially anticipated. However, this duration will be considerably shorter than if you were navigating the tools without prior knowledge.