# Project Design

The project is made up of 4 Vue single-file-components and 4 typescript files

## SideBar.vue

Contains multiple expansion panels with input fields that allows the user to change the settings used by the LLMService singleton. 
Whenever any of the fields are updated, the SideBar tries to update the settings used by LLMService. The settings is only updated if all of its values pass the rules defined in LLMSettingsWrapper.

## TextBar.vue

Contains two tabs for the user
- Input tab
	- Contains two textareas for the user prompt and system prompt and a button to create a new branch
- Output tab
	- Contains a textarea for every TextBranch in the TextTree. Each textarea has a continue generation button and a remove button below it

## TextTree.vue

Acts as a parent component for all of the TextBranches on the page. Handles receiving new inputs from the LLM and from the user.

## TextBranch .vue

Contains a list of tokens generated by the LLM. Clicking on a token provides a list of alternative tokens and a text field for the user to enter their own.

## LLMService.ts

LLMService is a singleton class that provides functionality to interact with an LMM server. At the moment it only supports the Llama API. 

## LLMSettings.ts

Provides a typescript interface and wrapper class for other components to create settings for fetch requests to the LLM

## LlamaInterface.ts

Auto-generated typescript interface for responses from the Llama API

## MutableDOMRect.ts

A mutable DOMRect typescript class that can be used to create a reactive and mutable DOMRect variable, reactively changing the size of an element. 